Remove OZ token example pages, link to OZ docs (#2705)
stellar/stellar-docs: docs/build/smart-contracts/example-contracts/tokens.mdx

The [token example] demonstrates how to write a token contract that implements the [Token Interface].

:::tip

> This example shows how to build a token from scratch using only the `soroban-sdk`. If you want to create a token, the fastest path is the audited [OpenZeppelin Stellar Contracts](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/stellar-contracts) library, which has easy-to-follow examples in its docs for [fungible tokens](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/stellar-contracts/tokens/fungible/fungible) and [non-fungible tokens (NFTs)](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/stellar-contracts/tokens/non-fungible/non-fungible).

Reviewer: do we want to use any of this space to mention Stellar assets and the SAC? or distinguish that you don't _have to_ use a contract creating tokens at all? if they're on the tokens example contract, that might be exactly what they're looking for, though, so... 🤷🏻‍♂️ 

as i'm reading this, though, it seems like it might be hard to fit in there, in a natural way 🤔

Reviewer 2: I agree, native assets are an engineering powerhouse and all we use in production. Someone from an EVM chain might stumble upon this guide thinking contracts are the only way to issue a token, completely missing one of the core functionalities of the network. There should be a simple little cross-reference to the pertinent SAC, perhaps:

```suggestion
This example shows how to build a token from scratch using only the `soroban-sdk`. For many use cases, issuing a Stellar asset and using its built-in [Stellar Asset Contract (SAC)](../../../tokens/stellar-asset-contract.mdx) is all you need. For a custom token contract, the fastest path is the [[OpenZeppelin Stellar Contracts](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/stellar-contracts)](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/stellar-contracts) library, with examples for [[fungible tokens](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/stellar-contracts/tokens/fungible/fungible)](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/stellar-contracts/tokens/fungible/fungible) and [[non-fungible tokens (NFTs)](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/stellar-contracts/tokens/non-fungible/non-fungible)](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/stellar-contracts/tokens/non-fungible/non-fungible).
```

Author: 👍🏻 Good call. acdb5dd
